## Naming Conventions

### Cases
Classes use pascal case, everything else use camel case.
Each new word is thus a capital letter but only in the case of classes is the first letter also capital. 
The rest of the time all names start with a lower case and each following word in the name is capitalized.

Constructable prototypes are considered classes in this case.

#### Example:
```
class MyClass {
    field1: number;

    doSomething(parmeter1: string) {
        ...
    }
}
```

### File Names

1. All file names uses "-" as word seperators.  
2. File names are all lower case alpha numeric names.
3. Never use spaces in file names.
5. Html files have the extention ".html".
6. File names must be descriptive to it's content.

For example:  
`my-component.js`

If you create a custom component or view called MyComponent the custom element for that component will be 'my-component'. 

### Folder Names

1. All folders are lowercase.
2. Never use spaces in folder names.
3. Folder names only contain alphabetic characters and dashes ("-") if required.
4. Folder names must be descriptive to it's content.

Example folder and file structure:  
```
root
    components
        my-component
            my-component.js
            my-component.html
            my-component.scss
```

### Custom HTML extensions

For this reference HTML extensions refers to:  
1. Custom elements
2. Custom attributes
3. CSS class names

1. Names are all lower case.
2. New words are seperated with a dash ("-").
3. Names may only contain alphabetic characters and dashes.

For example:  
```
    <my-component my-attribute="10" class="pass my-layout"></my-component>
```

### Html

1. Html elements must contain a closing element name not just a closing tag ("/>").  
`<my-component></my-component>` ***NOT*** `<my-component />`
2. Html content uses 4 pace indentation
3. Each new element is defined on a new line.
```
    <div>Something</div>
    <div>Something2</div>
```


